Lab4 
Step1 
On VScode terminal navigate to directory AWSLabs and run command git pull https://github.com/awscloudessentials/intro-to-aws-lab.git
Open the new file(Lab3) in the editor, to allow you add steps you took to complete the lab.

Step 2:(NB: Use key pair and security group created in former lab)
Launch an EC2 Instance.
SSH into your instance and create a text file with name "ebs_backup.txt" using the command sudo touch "ebs_backup.txt"
Run command ls -la and send screenshot for confirmation
Go to Elastic Block Store tab, click Snapshots
Create snapshot, select "Instance", select your instance ID from the drop down button
Give description "snapshot from instance1", Tag Key= Name and Value= snapshot1
Create snapshot
Wait for snapshot status to show" Completed" then terminate your instance. 

Step 3
Go to Elastic Block Store tab, click Snapshots
Select the snapshot created above, go to actions select "create volume from snapshot"
Note the AZ, add Tag Tag Key= Name and Value=Restored volume
Delete your snapshot.
Go to Elastic Block Store tab, click Volume, verify the existance of your new volume.

Step 4 (NB: Use key pair and security group created in former lab)
Spin up another instance in the same AZ that you created the restored volume.
Select the correct AZ under network settings
Create instance.
Stop your instance( not terminate), note the name of the volume attached to the instance.
Go to Elastic Block Store tab, click Volumes
Select the volume attached to the instance, click detach volume then
Select the Restored volume showing status available,click actions, click attach volume
Select your new instance from the drop down button,modify the volume name path from /dev/sdf to /dev/xvda and click attach volume.
Delete the volume you just detached.

Step 5
Select the new instance, start the instance.
SSH into the new instance and run command ls -la
This should show the file name "ebs_backup.txt"
Send screenshot for confirmation.

Step 6
Once confirmed, kindly clean up your AWS account.
Edit the file in VSCode editor, save and push to your personal remote repo.


